Final Work of the Laboratory of Applied Robotics course helded in the accademic year 2018/2019 by professor Luigi Palopoli and his teaching assistant Paolo Bevilacqua.
This project has been done by me(Simone Zamboni) and my colleague Sergio Catalano, it took a very long time and a lot of sleepless night to complete, but in the end the result is worth the effort, as I hope you will see.

The challenge was the following: there is a camera attatched to a cieling taking pictures like this:
INSERT IMAGE
The robot has a light blue triangle on top of it indicating its orientation, it has to pass to all the green circle avoiding touching the black walls and the red obstacles and then go to the blue rectangle that is the exit. 
There are two tipes of mission, in the first the robot has to pass on top of every green circle in the order dictated by the number inside the circle and then go to the exit in the least time possible, while in the second mission the number on the circle doesn't matter and every time the robot pass on top of each circle it gains seconds, so the robot has to compute which green circle is convenient to pick and wich not and in wich order, keeping in mind that at the end it has to go to the blue rectangle (the exit).
The algorithm has also to localize the center of the robot, and that's why there are white circle around the board, because they are in the same plane of the triangle of the robot (around 15cm from the ground).

Our implementation uses OpenCV in order to reconstruct the map of the environment, and then we use the line sweep algorithm to find a graph in the collision free space and from that we compute the bast path and try to follow it using Dubins Curves.
So we get this:
ORIGINAL IMAGE
We compute the logical map using OpenCV:
MAP IMAGE
We inflate the obstacles so we can consider the robot a point:
INFLATED IMAGE
And then we compute the best path using Dubins Curves:
PATH IMAGE

Notes on project structure and implementation:
In the folder "doc" you can find the final presentation, the UML of all the classes and the documentation generated by doxigen.
In "data" there are some test data, in "include" there are all the .hpp files while in "src" there are all the .cpp files, in the "input" foldere there are the configuration file that the program read every time it runs, we have a makefile generating an executable called "lar".

